Good morning, I'm going to show you three more days.
streets that germinated are mint zucchini
and broccoli here mint finished with 12
days so very little is today 's day
just take a while to grow
keeping from 8 to bob pumpkin favor
gemam with about 34 days in home
according to 17 days
I'll show you broccoli and tem
to be careful when you implant
toss the seed to protect them from the sun
so I was thinking about a young man from here
to about 34 degrees
and take care to hide but the sun
since it changes drills so I put
30 people practically together in this
first meeting with 14 days
the other here in this other, but not this one.
I also think that
it is negotiated to grow a little more
prudent to stay she does not know this self
I do not know yet and do not let the sport
It is very important not to leave seedlings
exposed to the sun until they grow 1
appropriate good size grass
I put the gentleman on what I have to
export the sound for about three days
now it's taking longer to grow
even more and mourinho
This happened after I got back to
Answer a sun drying a little now only
with the greatest difficulty to recover
and grow
Thanks, hug